W-17700088-outbound-policies-fa (#757)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.9/modules/ROOT/pages/flex-gateway-secure-conn.adoc

= Applying Policies for Managed Flex Gateways and Connected Mode
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images

:page-aliases: policies-included-apply.adoc, api-manager::using-policies.adoc, policies::policies-included-apply.adoc

For Managed Flex Gateway and Flex Gateway running in Connected Mode, you apply inbound and outbound policies using *API Manager*. To find the policies provided by Flex Gateway, see xref:policies-included-directory.adoc[] and xref:policies-outbound-directory.adoc[].

== Apply an Inbound Policy

. Go to *Anypoint Platform > API Manager*.

> . In *API Administration* click the name of the API to which to apply a policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *API Administration*, click the name of the API to which you want to apply a policy.
```

> . From the left navigation menu, click *Policies*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the side navigation panel, click *Policies*.
```

. Click *+ Add policy*.
. Select the policy to apply.

> . Configure the required configuration parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure the required parameters.
```

+
For policy configuration parameters, see xref:policies-included-directory.adoc[].
. If necessary, configure *Advanced options*.

> . Click *Apply*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Apply*.
```

> You can apply a policy either to the entire API (default) or to specific methods and resources of an API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can apply a policy to the entire API by default, or to specific methods and resources within the API.
```

== Apply an Outbound Policy

. Go to *Anypoint Platform > API Manager*.

> . In *API Administration* click the name of the API to which to apply a policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *API Administration*, click the name of the API to which you want to apply a policy.
```

> . From the left navigation menu, click *Policies*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the side navigation panel, click *Policies*.
```

. Click the *Outbound policies* tab.
. Click *+ Add outbound policy*.

> . Select the *Upstream* to apply a policy to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the *Upstream* to which you want to apply a policy.
```

Reviewer: You might check in [#cx-doc-style](https://salesforce.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C01U1MSQ85V) to see if it's okay to end a sentence with a preposition. It might be considered conversational. I didn't see anything in the style guidelines.

> . If you want to apply the policy to an additional upstream, click *Add upstream* and select the additional upstream. Repeat this step for all upstreams you wish to apply the policy to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you want to apply the policy to an additional upstream, click *Add upstream* and select the additional upstream. Repeat this step for all upstreams to which you want to apply the policy.
```

. Click *Next*.
. Select the policy to apply.

> . Configure the required configuration parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure the required parameters.
```

+
For policy configuration parameters, see xref:policies-outbound-directory.adoc[].
. If necessary, configure *Advanced options*.
. Click *Apply*.

> You can apply a policy either to the entire upstream (default) or to specific methods and resources of the upstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can apply a policy to the entire upstream by default, or to specific methods and resources of the upstream.
